Manifestos are social contracts; a way to rally like-minded people around a common belief system and accepted (or even, ideal) behaviors. I chose to read "We, The Web Kids," "CryptoParty Manifesto," "Critical Engineer Manifesto," and "Feminist Server Manifesto" and noticed some patterns around ideal behaviors. 

First, reading these manifestos solidified the need for manifestos. As mentioned in "We, The Web Kids" and "Feminist Server," technology is a "social reality" -- not just a thing we use. Technology is embedded into our social behaviors, and shapes society as a whole. Currently, companies motivated to turn profit on a quarterly basis heavily influence our behavior because they control / make popular technology products and we have not been able to rely on the government to protect our rights online (ahem, Net Neutrality). 

I assume that the point of having a manifesto that people believe in is to practice those behaviors and subsequently instill a sense of trust through that accountability. Reading the "CryptoParty" manifesto, which is super focused on privacy and anonymity, I thought about accountability often as it relates to anonymity. There is a distinction between personal anonymity and anonymity in general. Which is to say, online I should be able to go by a pseudonym "b@n@n@taffy" if I feel like it, without having to use my real name or address, but I should also be held accountable for actions I take online / things I write online. This manifesto in particular proposes that stripping personal identity away online is a way to mitigate discrimination, which I think I agree with; it would not eliminate discrimination, but I think it would make it harder. Anonymity also came to mind when reading the "Feminist Server" manifesto because of the line that a "feminist server is run for and by a community that cares enough for her in order to make her exist." Again, I think this type of community can exist through pseudonyms, but requires some level of identification to function (pseudonyms just effectively change the identity away from physical characteristics to ideas, potentially). 

The biggest underlying theme in each of the manifestos I read was around power and decentralization. There was an interesting tension between the "Critical Engineer" and the others. In the "Critical Engineer" manifesto, this role is put on a pedestal; it almost sounds like a superhero comic book "... with great power comes great responsibility." It is up to the Critical Engineer to have engineering skills, also be well-versed in philosophy and art, and also expose over-influence and over-dependency on certain technologies. The Critical Engineer becomes the watchdog / savior of the internet. To be fair, the "Feminist Server" also calls for exposing patterns of influence and "efficiency, ease-of-use, scalability and immediacy because they can be traps." While I agree these are incredibly important roles, I wonder if everyone who uses the internet has the skill base to do this? Maybe that's the point - if you want to use the Internet well, you should work towards making it a better place, and have the skillset / wherewithall to notice (and punish?) bad behavior. I suppose a small group of people can identify dark patterns / dependence / excessive influence while the masses can punish the companies that overstep their reach. 

Decentralization sounds nice, but I do wonder if it works. "We, the Web Kids" claims that people who grew up with the Internet in the fabric of their lives can look up anything, anytime; no one needs to be an expert. I think this is circular logic, because if the Internet is a process done by humans, the knowledge on the Internet is submitted by humans, and everyone from here on out will have grown up with the Internet, how is that no one will have to be an expert anymore? I think there is value in expertise and accountability, I'm not sure this fully jives with decentralized knowledge sharing. 

Overall, I walk away with the main takeaway that we each contribute to the evolution of the web we use, but roles vary. Some have the technical skillset to create products or serve as watchdogs, while others have the power to stop using products that don't fit into their social contract. My biggest question remaining is around value - who is paid to do what online? When does profit get in the way of the social contract? Who is accountable to whom? I think about value systems outside of monetary (which can be spiritual, social, cultural, etc) - but is this enough to motivate behavior online?
