There is another world called internet which is simultaneously not reality and reality. I like the excerpt from Czerski on We, the Web kids; "We do not use the internet, we live on the internet and along it." The world makes art, activism, media, our society and so on to change in an incredibly fast pace. A lot of people consume contents through the internet as sources, news, information, and social media. A question is raised with regards to this consumption. Can we become an artist, activist, socialist, musician and director without internet in this world? All the art forms from the new world are unstable and fluctuating. In the light of this, we have to consider how we can use the media in a reformative way.

In the Manifesto for the unstable media, within the pages of its last passage it states; "Art must be destructive and constructive." Which correlated certain ideas within Danto's essay "the End of Art". We need a new theory and history for the new form of media in the digital era. Where we need a new system which addresses the age of the internet, envisioning a world where it can better be suited to our needs, and in giving more opportunities. In the WeRebuild manifesto, they mentioned extensively on how people can use internet for as a means and a tool for activism. After reading this manifesto on the capacity of being an activist, within the expanse of social networking and learning to utilize it. Where we need to talk with people as much as we can and be involved to meet them in actively and in person. There are social media outlets like Instagram or social networking workshops for the artist who want to learn on how to promote their work. I'm a bad artist in terms of using social networking. I need someone who can do social networking for me in pretending to be me. An avatar who is an extension of myself-who can do it for me. Maybe Sophia?

