In the essay On Art Activism by Boris Groys, he presents an issue among art activists who is caught in a dilemma of wanting to be part as an instrument of change for the world. In making it a better place but at the same time, they do not want to cease in stopping to be a practicing artist. I’m sure that art in itself is not useless in revealing the problems of our society. But, as an artist, I want to use the word “effort” or “try” for metanoia or a transformative change of the mind towards reform. As Groys mentioned with a critical take on the modernist and contemporary ways of how art is removed from the social experience within a fixed barrier of art for arts sake and its quality, or what is even profoundly worse that a purely social concern which art activist wants to change. Will merely aestheticizes that issue into just another work of art. So where does the true essence of social change and engagement manifest if the issue is placed within the art system. I agree with Groys statement that; “Modern and contemporary art wants to make things not better but worse—and not relatively worse but radically worse.”I cannot stop to think about Thomas Hirshchhorn’s monument series. I have visited Thomas Hirschhorn’s last monument series located in the Gramsci monument in the Bronx. The specific location he chose brings up the stereotypes about impoverished neighborhoods as a place that as unsafe, poor, and not inviting among outside visitors within other boroughs. Hirshchhorn wanted to challenge these assumptions in choosing this location. The work contains multiple spaces for people to engage within the work an exhibition space, library, theatre and bar.I love this work in it challenges the participant and among the residents in playing an equal role within the work and how to be involved amongst each other within a specific and enclosed setting. What intrigues me however is the concept in which the convention of how we see a memorial is questioned within its conventions Gramsci’s memorial is not seen within the view of a cemetery. But in the light view of how death is aestheticized of how an entombed body offers a resounding announcement that it is dead without the austere mystery of a corpse not entombed like the relics of saints within a glass, or citing Lenin’s memorial that even though that the body is dead the embodiment of what he stands for remains alive and well. As we see it from a glass in public view. Where this connection and the ideology is still alive. As opposed to a fully entombed and closed casket buried under the ground planted on top with a tombstone conveys an idea that is forever no longer accessible as a fitting denouement of an end without resurrection.  but, I have kept my doubts on why the lectures in the work is difficult to access and comprehend among those who are not within intellectual circles if his claim that we are all capable of intellectual engagement perhaps his lacking a more a lucid idea that verbose academic language is lost in translation among impoverished communities, who do not have access to literature and philosophy towards other aspects of intellectual insights. When I visited it for the first time, I can see the socialization among different classes and race engaging in food and intellectual conversations.  I can find thomas Hirshchhorn’s thoughts about his concept in an article which states: “When Gramsci stated that ‘every human being is an intellectual,’ his point was not that we are all equally gifted with intelligence, but that everyone has the capacity to harness the power of ideas. Such capacity requires effort. It requires making a decision, such as taking a train to the Bronx and walking to the Forest Houses and having a conversation, perhaps about Weiner or Spitzer, but more likely about Gramsci, or about race, or guns, or art.” Which is contrary to Groys view about natural gifts and talents in terms of achieving a utopian horizon amidst the pitfalls of contemporary capitalism. He states that the capitalism makes aestheticization in art in full view. And we cannot disregard the human capital as making art in capitalism system. Because it is simply the current paradigm. In citing key institutions and education as a weighing factor towards a lucid understanding of combating inequality. Where capitalism brings unequal distribution both intellectually and the creativity towards an end it itself. With that in mind, I totally agree with Boris’s assertion which he mentions how the totality of  aestheticization makes it possible to succeed in creating a new idea about a system that challenges late modernist and capitalist ideals. As long as it is heading towards a higher realization of the capacity for change which he states as a true revolution. 