### Response to Journal #56 - Boris Groys - On Art Activism

[Link to Article](http://www.e-flux.com/journal/56/60343/on-art-activism/ "Article")

I have struggled with some of the points made by Groys, either completely disagreeing with statements he made, or maybe lacking more background on Walter Benjamin, Fukuyama and Futurism.
For starters, he claims Art begins as such after French Revolution as a way to stale previous creations. And, though I agree with the idea of putting art in museums for them to die, I do not share that everything previous to that was merely design. In order not to be extensive, I would shortly define art as everything created for expression of the self; while design is a function to solve problems. Of course we can dig into mixtures and interesting gray areas, but either practice cannot lack politics and ideology, because both were created by a human who lived in a time and context. The problem is up to what extent is the creator conscious of his stand, wether they want to change the way things are, and how much are they willing to work for it.
Another issue caught my attention when Groys took for granted the theory of the End of History by Fukuyama, which states that western liberal democracy is the ultimate form of government. We may improve or get a bit worse, but this is it. I find this theory the ultimate status-quo, and probably proven wrong by the current crisis in the European Union, Brexit and the ability gained by companies such as Cambridge Analytica to swing democracy to the highest bidder by targeting news to specific, pre-made demographics.
In my opinion, rather than confronting art and design, a more interesting approach to debate activism is the definition that philosopher and aesthetician Marta Zatonyi gives to art and culture. Culture is everything common to us, habits, custom, clothes; words and definitions; expected behavior; religion and rituals, codes and law. Art works opposite to culture, it tries to extend what we understand and how we think, in the same way science does to knowledge. The artist reaches out into complete darkness to shed light. The unknown becomes common to us and eventually incorporated to culture. I can't conceive the idea of a meaningful creation not having an impact on behavior and the way see things. Isn't that activism?
