My attention was caught first by the idea of art activism trying to reclaim art from the definition of being "useless." I would go further to say that art was never "useless," because it has always served as an investment vehicle. Art activism turns art away from the capitalist intent of its industry. I do not understand Groys' claim that "many critics say that the morally good intentions of art activism substitute for artistic quality." It seems absurd that someone would say this. Who are these critics? I fully agree with Groys' claim that now this is particularly irrelevant.
At first I wasn't sure what Groys is trying to say when he talks about "aesthetics as revolution" - is he claiming that it ties in closely with propaganda and the attempt to make a political movement attractive, or is he talking about aestheticization reducing a thing from a previous time useless? I am more convinced now that they are tied together- the only difference being that as art is fossilized in the museum graveyard its look has been romanticized and its use annulled.
As for "Aestheticizing Modernity," I do agree that Futurists like Marinetti do have nihilistic tendencies and it's interesting that Marinetti flirted with the Italian fascist movement as he became more interested in "politicization of aesthetics."

Art activism has a grain of hope to it. I tend to see art activism as _both_ a critique of the present time ("acceptance of one's own failure") and an attempt to subvert it. This may have been Groys' final argument but I'm not too sure.