# Response

Art and design has always had a complicated, intertwined relationship rooted in our sometimes opposing desires to (1) understand ourselves and (2) improve ourselves. By exploring this relationship Groy leads us down a logical path toward describing the nature and role of true art activism. He starts at the birth of art from the 'death of design'. The relationship between art and design, of course, lives on a spectrum, but for the sake of his argument, Groy uses a strict dichotomy between the two in a convincing argument for what it means to participate in art activism. In the clearest sense, political design results from the politicization of aesthetics while modern art is rooted in the aestheticization of politics.

Using the commonplace objects that were artistically elevated after the French Revolution as a jumping off point, Groy asserts this iconoclastic death of design was the birth of modern art. Although I see and agree with his terms in the context of this argument, I find that the more useful dichotomy for wrapping my head around this issue is the one between the secular vs the religious.

Groy points out that before modern history, there was no art, only design. At the forefront of human creation were objects designed for religious purposes - the closest thing to art for the time. However, as religion lost (and continues to lose) popularity in the way humanity answers the existential question of "Who are we, where are we, and why?", modern design took hold. Through this secular lens, that dichotomy between art and design seems to fade away. Now, modern design and modern art (all purchasable) have seamlessly replaced those pre-modern religious objects. They worship ideologies, lifestyles, productivity, or art/design itself as the answer. Where religion was previously the preeminent mean for a select few to control a population, consumerism-driven ideology is now that driving force.

Not to be overly cynical, but humanity never truly revolutionizes its behavior. As humanity continually asks "Who are we, where are we, and why?", and iteratively decides on its favorite answers, we oscillate between stagnant satisfaction and angsty 'revolution', yet we never reach the ultimate horizon Groy proposes.

True activist art, thus, doesn't participate this cycle (neither does good design). In response to our existential questions, it simply makes us look in the mirror, feel our humanity, and acknowledge that nothing in our society around us *has* to be the way it currently is.


# Side note:

The defunctionalizing of the status quo is absolutely visible in hip hop. Think of Kendrick Lamar's famous *Control* verse where he lit a fire under the complacent rap game by brutally criticizing every one of his contemporaries. His subsequent albums have been sonically, lyrically, and structurally innovative and challenging. Another artist who seems to accomplish this is Frank Ocean - who, with *Blonde*, paved a path forward in what I'll call postmodern R&B, rejecting the status quo of that genre with his bare-bone compositions. Yet he nods to his roots by occasionally using propulsive beats or gospel progressions. I think you could categorize those two musicians with Walter Benjamin's Angelus Novus. They engage in metanoia, looking to their roots while still moving forward. I'm curious, though, whether this idea of the modern music icons being commercially and critically renowned is compatible with Groy's assertion that true contemporary art isn't popular. Perhaps music as an artform moves through these 'revolutions' more quickly? Or is Groy's idea saying that popularity and artistic activism are mutually exclusive?
