It is the year 2050 and we just introduced "connected fabrics", a technology making the world more connected by embedding online services including live streaming into cotton fabrics. The technology connects consumers un-intermittently with the world. No need for hand held devices. Wearing the raw clothes is enough. Seamless cameras embedded in cotton products sold in the connected world on earth and mars allow consumers to retrieve any situation of their lived live at any time. To protect consumers, "connected fabrics" is guaranteed by the cotton certificate "Organic Cotton, OC", which is required for all clothing sold in the public markets to make it sustainable, save and fair. Unfortunately, the supreme court has opened a case arguing that this technology infringes privacy laws. Here is why we believe the introduction of "connected fabrics" is without alternatives:

We have set a clear and focused goal: to work with all members of the connected world to disrupt, dismantle, and defeat the islamic state and all extremist allies -- a network that has killed thousands of people of many faiths and nations. We are dedicated to providing the technological fundament for governments to develop the capacity to take the lead in this effort, while working to advance opportunity and security for their people.

Throughout our continued commitment towards this goal we have instrumented all commercial goods and services that rely on internet connectivity with monitoring technology. Since a plethora of contemporary services and goods are based on the advent of the internet of things and autonomous driving in the early 21st century this instrumentation gives us a holistic view on consumer activity. Video surveillance in public spaces and auditing of virtual realities complement the data sets. The access to all consumer history has been enforced as part of data compliance laws for commercial goods. The persisted data includes consumer activity, versioned online content and user identities. They are persisted indefinitely and tamper free in the blockchain. It is maintained by cloud service providers which power the overwhelming majority of modern technologies. By the help of learning algorithms we can predict and anticipate criminal activity and identify suspicious persons with a certainty of 99%.

However, there is an ever evolving spiral: the more the technology stack is monitored and audited the more cross root end-to-end encrypted communication tools evolve. Despite all modern surveillance tools, it is still possible to generate encryption keys on the client side and exchange cipher text through public networks. Our efforts of manipulating the random number generators in commercially available CPUs, which are underlying any cryptographic algorithm, failed since hackers are still able to create randomness from organic resources. Terrorists and extremists from arabic and african countries and drug cartels in central america have gained expertice in creating and evolving these communication channels and threaten our societies. Efforts to get hold of the client side managed encryption keys have failed or found a quick technology response by hackers.

Additionally, China has by now established and deployed their own version of the tcp/ip stack that is completely unaccessible to our surveillance technologies. This way 2 billion people out of 8 billion people on earth and mars are dark for our surveillance tooling.

This scenario forces us to extend our video based compliance using "connected fabrics" to monitor angles of the public space that are not covered by monitoring consumer goods and services. This is a required step in our continued commitment to our people's security. We urge the supreme court to do justice to our responsibility for the safety of our people through extended surveillance technology.
