I suppose normally this speech would have been presented in front of the Supreme Court, but since there is no longer a Supreme Court, this proposal is directed towards the remaining citizens of Earth.

As you recall, Palantir bought Facebook in a fire sale in 2021. This led to what the data conglomerate describes as "Social Security 2.0," connected to individuals' Facebook accounts across the globe and assigning them a numeric ID generated by a unique distributed ledger.

These Global Identification Numbers are connected to every part of an individual's identity - credit score, criminal history, family connections, race, ethnicity, location, employment.

The good news is that reports of corrupt policing and surveillance of individuals has come largely to a standstill. The bad news is that this is because most of those involved in law enforcement careers get to go to Mars. The wealthy libertarians, after having depleted all of Earth's useful natural resources, have given up on living with the underprivileged and left us to fend for ourselves, while they follow their Manifest Destiny Mars blueprint.

SpaceX controls and orchestrates all colonization of Mars. A ticket to Mars means having a credit history of over 700, the ability to pay $50,000 to guarantee a ticket, and no criminal history whatsoever.

If one chooses to take out a loan to pay for a ticket to leave a dying Earth, the indentured servant program is the only option for them to pay off the debt.

This then leads to my proposal: let them have Mars. We may deliberately ignore the restrictions placed upon us by our immutable identities aggregated from countless years of data and tracking - we are no longer sufficient as human capital since we don't have to give them what they want. We don't have to need anything from them.

We are morbidly fortunate to finally have this planet to ourselves, long after it has been depleted of oil and all other natural resources. We are forced to live with the consequences of our reckless predecessors, so we must use our own tactics to reclaim and heal Earth to the best of our ability.

---

*NOTE*: I don't like this. I think it's too extropian and probably has a lot of holes. I would have written a lot more about Peter Thiel but I got too into the general concept of fascist turning libertarian and leaving everyone else behind. Now it feels too "Elysium." Ugh. Also I don't really like my own writing.

Anyway, here it is!