


We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness. While the premise of equality is not one on which this country has built, it is one we have dedicated ourselves to. We have woefully failed as a government to do so, to provide for all people equally. Well, how can we provide if we do not know?

The national ID program in India that we’ve seen grow during the past decade has streamlined and made vastly efficient the distribution of resources to every member of the population. Two decades ago Nigeria was unable to pin down it’s population making it impossible to allocate resources where they were needed. Now, with the help of China it’s been able to create a database of all citizens through embedded chips and has been making strides to distribute resources effectively. For government policy to be anchored in reality, we have to have documentation and data. We have been taking shots in the dark for years and look at where it’s gotten us. Surveillance isn’t unconstitutional. Selective surveillance is. Almost all arguments against surveillance mention the problem of reverse targeting and disproportionate targeting of minorities and the poor. Well that doesn’t need to happen. We don’t need to regulate surveillance, we need to ensure that everyone is included in the system so they have access to social benefits and services, are not deprived of their fundamental rights and so that in the everyday decisions we make to make this country better, we are taking into account every possible story and perspective. How else can we fulfill the needs of our constituency? We need good data about every community especially now when natural disasters are more of monthly occurrences than they are anomalies. We need to increase surveillance to we can accurately respond to these disasters and make sure in the aftermath we are left with answers and not questions about who is where and who needs to be found and/or aided. 

In addition, while we have established by now that no race is superior to another, that we are all equal, what we have failed to dispel is human propensity for violence. We have seen it through the increase in gun violence over the years, in terrorist attacks committed against the most vulnerable communities.  It is evidenced in the violence we have inflicted on each other and in our bloody history. The potential and capacity for human good is great but can only truly be realized under close supervision. Surveillance makes way for government intervention. 

