## The year 2050

In the year 2050, humanity has seen a base built on the moon and the first manned mission to Mars fail. This has been instrumental in fostering a grander sense of unity, but there is still unrest. America is still recovering after facing a nuclear attack from North Korea in 2019. The president has gone underground. Democrats hold the majority in the house. Radicalized, neo-nazi groups have shrunken but become quietly more concentrated. By executive order, the 2nd amendment has been abolished, fueling the black market. It is now only legal to carry a weapon as a police officer, but every shot is recorded and archived, and evaluated for how necessary it was. Net neutrality has disappeared entirely and as a result, internet use has plummeted. Those who still use the internet connect via the dark web. 

I know I'm supposed to argue for no surveillance, but I don't see America swinging either way within the next 40 years. There will always be a desire for surveillance in some form because humans fear each other and want to protect themselves. This requires a minimum level of surveillance that is already silently accepted. What the actual issue here is, government surveillance and the invasion of citizen privacy. Surveillance only becomes a problem when it is used as a tool to control others or to access sensitive areas of people's lives. No one likes looking over their shoulder or feeling watched, but there is a sense of security that society relies on for daily living. Say the government were to quit all acts of surveillance cold turkey. How can the government be trusted as a protector without its own knowledge of the people's actions or, simply, their needs? We see this model played out in every courtroom in the U.S. Two people in a disagreement hire strangers to compile evidence on their behalf, build a case without any real knowledge of the situation, and then present it to another group of strangers in hopes that a decision will be made in their favor. As well-intentioned as the justice system is, it often fails the citizens it is meant to protect.

Which leads to another question: can people be trusted to police themselves?