## Concerning the Proposal to Extend The CWB (Central Watching Bureau)

Given the recent retirement in 2048 of national passports in favor of Border Biometrics(tm) it's tempting to imagine that even larger integrations of our physical world and our personal ephemeral data points will lead to even easier times moving through not only international bureaucracy like travel but local services like the DMV and LinkedInCity. However I would urge us to remember the Great Breach that started in India in 2020 and inspired similar attacks and chaos worldwide. Centralizing so much personal data made the system a too-tempting target: while the map of Snapchat, the spending data of Venmo, the medical records of MyNikeFitness etc. alone are questionable, together they create a mime of our real-world selves. When the mute copy becomes controlled by software, benevolent or malicious, intentionally or by glitch, the physical version has no choice but to follow. This alone should be reason enough to not collect, and especially not store, more massive amounts of personal data.

This was a large-scale generalized attack, but for many default-criminalized and marginalized populations the hyper-visibility was business as normal. That it took such an event to shake some empathy into the technologists of the world should not be overlooked. There is no societal ill that technology can solve before we have solved it morally within ourselves. Surveillance and AI are not new tools like electricity and plumbing, they are political agendas masked with "Truthful Calculations" given the power to shape society. When the camera was first invented it was heralded as objective, we know clearly now how easily the frame is manipulated--but life is no movie and should not be subject to one director.

There is nothing to be gained from more surveillance and it's a waste of funding that should go into the Recovery From DeVos Educational Fund.
