For the sake of speculation perhaps what is intriguing about the genre of science fiction is that it is not so far removed from reality. It is a gaze of the possibility of what a given future would be at the present state of a given epoch. I always like the band Black Sabbath they speak of profound issues in their music. I thought of their song Into the Void; Which mirrors the possibility of a catastrophic future. The song is very bleak where humans had ravaged the earth and its resources reducing the earth to an uninhabitable world. So a group of astronaut blast into the night sky in search of a new world to live in. The songs lyrics are deeply prophetic in the light of this question: ÒRocket engines burning fuel so fast. Up into the night sky they blast. Through the universe the engines whine, Could it be the end of man and time? Back on earth the flame of life burns low. Everywhere is misery and woe. Pollution kills the air, the land and sea. Man prepares to meet his destiny.Ó It is simple but it does convey a gloomy scenario of a possible future. And along with the realistic concerns among the scientific community. Who placed our current time and period that we live in with what they call as the Anthropocene; Where human intervention has made such a massive impact on the earth which has caused more mass extinctions, the pollution of our environment from its waters, plants, and the atmosphere; That the earth itself can no longer sustain such an impact. We are building to fast and taking so much, than what we give back into the earth.I see a very dark future of sci-fi speculation unless we take an initiative for change. Our children will inherit the earth in ruin. The scarcity of food and resources, a dystopian blade runner mega polis, the toxic waters rendering drinking water obsolete, the privatization of every of land which are the last remaining acres of with lush greenery not as a nature preserve but a theme park and used for capital gain. An economic nightmare where distribution of the basic necessities are divided among those who have wealth and do not have. Which is still grounded on race and class. Perhaps what is troubling is how a speculative scenario as I have mentioned is very in tune with our present condition. I believe that science can only solve a problem to a certain extent. IÕm in view of a more positive future. But every inclination that is proposed on the table is not given attention too. Yes, they are those among us who try to keep the reality of this bleak possible future from being true. But we have to stop our dependency on crude oil, reduce the amount of human foot print on the environment with regards to building and waste. Organic agricultural methods as a better alternative to save and keep the soil fertile, and with the constant thought of sustainability to our environment. If not the worst case scenario is referring back to the song into the void. Where the current work and innovation in rockets and space travel of Elon Musk would be used to find another planet for mankind to survive.