## Re-imagining and Re-Building the Future

Buenos Aires, 2039

Landing strips are more congested than usual. Private Jets land one after another. Refugees are received by the welcoming committee, which takes their coats and exchanges them for shorts and swimsuits, as symbol of brotherhood between distant countries, where the past and the cold ice can be left behind, forgotten. They are given directions to attend the parade in their honor. No expenses were spared. When the celebration is over they are taken to their new houses, fully furnished. The decoration style varies, but an attentive eye could spot the ice melting from the open fridge, the beds unmade, the dripping faucet. Somebody was here recently.

Things have changed in the last months. Everything is becoming more expensive, and if you are lucky, wages remain the same. We have made some sacrifices. We live in less comfort, but others see their lives at risk everyday. There's less jobs available and those who try to make their way, and maybe sell food or stuff on the streets are criminalized. Just last week government proudly announced the end of external debt, the country would no longer owe money and could focus on hosting the recent refugee crisis. Instead, the debt was transferred to each citizen in equal parts, children included. We all have to chip in monthly to pay interest rates. Of course for some this means a small expense, while for others it means there's nothing left after each check.

Our new neighbors are very fancy, but they don't speak our language and resist learning it. It is mandatory in elementary and high school to learn theirs. I think my dog misses the previous neighbors' dog, they used to play together. But now they are gone, disappeared. The refugees are given the previous neighbors' identity: names, clothing, banking, even their social accounts. They just replace the profile picture and thats it, they take their jobs and most people don't even notice. But I do, and i'm not alone. We are grouped and organized. Logistics are tricky. We had to abandon off grid mesh networks after we realized they were bugged. But we are now hiding intel in plain sight, where they would never search for meaning, ads.

We have not yet been disappeared, and while we are here, we will resist maintaining the memory of those who are not present.
