
It is the year 2050 and humanity has expanded new habitats outside of planet earth. Since mars has been colonized further planets have been identified for the galactic expansion of human live. The earth population is at 9 billion people and 0.1 per mill (900 thousand) of the earth population is inhabiting mars. It is a dream like live there full of cultured and intellectual inhabitants. It marks a true renesauce of intellectualism. The mars society is wildly celebrated and considered the biggest achievement in human history. The Marsian society is the ultimate elite and serves as role model for the rest of the humans on earth. It's crime rate is at an unmeasurable level and all major issues earth inhabitants failed to solve over milleniums of struggling such as inequality and wars are perfectly resolved on mars. In many ways the mars colony shows the rest of the humanity its true potential.

Having the honor to go to mars, requires a rigorous score on earth. To make mars accessible and fair ranking algorithms based on sophisticated learning models identify earth inhabitants of high potential. The learning model is trained with data from the connected world including every "connected" object used by humans and every interaction between humans. The data gives an holistic view on a persona and as a result on the entire humanity. 4 out of 5 earth inhabitants have a social media profiles by now and 95% of humans are profiled even if they don't have a social media account by their use of phones and connected technology.

Mars is by now the best living habitat known. Against initial concerns the water resorts have brought a rich vegetation to mars and its infrastructure is the best man known. On earth the living conditions further degraded. Due to rising ocean levels significant parts of north europe and the Mediterranean are under water and 90 per cent of the earth surface are undesirable to live at due to war and lag of access to clean water. The living conditions have degraded to a level that 1 in every 45 people in the world are currently migrating to more desirable areas of earth which are primarily in central Europe and south east Asia. The stream of immigrants to those parts of the world has been steadily increasing since the post arabic spring era in the early 2000s.

Only an absolute elite of the earth population qualifies and gets selected to join the mars colony. Yet, high profile candidates can live in smart cities on earth. Smart cities are following the model of the marsian colony and allows earth inhabitants to train and prepare for the ultimate dream and label of social status: to live on mars. About 1 out of 10 people on earth is living in smart cities located in desirable parts on earth primarily in central Europe, south east Asia and north America. The country that is hosting a smart town has the privilege to fill 75 percent of the town inhabitants such that the population of smart cities is predominantly of white and asian origins. As a result humanity is contemplating its own destruction in ways it hasn’t since the proliferation of nuclear weapons at the height of the cold war. 8 out of 10 people is exposed to war or war like circumstances in their daily live and/or have no access to clean water and conflicts from the arabic world and africa have expanded to eurasia.

As a reaction to the problem and to change the world silicon valley has invented drone based water delivery and similar catastrophe response services for those in need. This technology allows to deliver water to those in need according to sophisticated learning models. The technology is called "smart water" and it is the main driver for the tech industry today. It is solving the world's most important problem: degeneration.

Only a small part of the earth population is calling for alternative changes. They want to reduce the levels of globalization as established in the late 20ies century and want a return to strong local communities distributed across the world. They are wildly considered reactionary which is a tabou amongst intellectual elites. They believe the rise of total surveillance in the early 20th century could have been avoided with enforcement of privacy laws on data, they believe that strong western governments specifically the European Union would have empowered structurally weak ares in the world to fix economic and climate problems locally and would have reduced crime rates, wars and the general rise of lag of humanity all over the world.
