"How do you use the earth to feed masses of people?" We have found an answer at last to this old question, yet few people may be able to benefit from it. With the proper use of our mycological endoscopator, Mississippi farmland alone could feed half of the western hemisphere. But the rump US is doing everything in its power to sabotage our planned deployment and keep everyone drinking corn syrup. Though now landlocked, what's left of the US continues to exert a powerful influence as a breadbasket for much of the continent, and has threatened to cease corn exports to any nation which accepts New Afrikan food.

Sabotaging the rapprochment between Native peoples and the Black forces concentrated in what was once the US Deep South remains the highest priority of the US -- to considerable success given their reduced numbers and global influence. We agricultural researchers can only hope that our security forces find their saboteurs -- and the traitors among us giving them essential aid and comfort. Having the total knowledge resource energy of a nation has not been all we hoped. We cannot say if this is because of our enemies, who expend more energy harming us than they do helping themselves, or simply the way of things. Yet we know we are but in the early stages of our expression, just beginning our striving, still freeing ourselves from the oppressor's spirit. The endoscopator already projects a very different spirit from the machines that once dotted the Delta -- and we can yet hope that their different morality will help us achieve that other old goal: to free the land.
