######Thinking about the futures promised by Zuc and Musk I wanted to try and
######imagine a future where a very normalized technology of today actually
######disappeared rather than evolved. Also thinking about this book "The Traffic Power Structure" by Plank.nu. Otherwise I've superficially kept things similar (unclear whether borders have been abolished or not) as a sort of contrast

## Press Release: New York Achieves Vision Zero!

People of New York City, I am pleased to announce we have finally achieved our [Vision Zero](http://www1.nyc.gov/site/visionzero/index.page) goals--there has not been a single car death this year! While previously this was foolishly imagined through safer self-driving cars and sectioned-off pedestrian-ways, the answer in front of us the whole time was to get rid of cars. Not only are cars dangerous, but as a personal commodity they came to be a physical manifestation of class differences and a selfishness made possible by the exploitation of global resources.

Now with our free and improved public transit, both the subway and aboveground moving walks, anyone can get anywhere in the city in a consistent and reasonable amount of time. With the improved life of the street neighborhoods are flourishing and reinvigorated with community life. While historically men have been able to commute farther for better pay, and women have stayed closer and were tasked with doing more errands along their route, now the nature of domestic life is also changed. Without cars there are also no longer parking lots--bizarre spots useless when occupied and also when empty because of the constant need to be occupiable. Now these are parks or whatever resource the neighborhood decides it needs most. I thank you all for your patience during this transition, and your enthusiasm for continuing to push New York to be the greatest city on earth!  
