In Dara Birnbaum’s wonderful woman, she used appropriating imagery from the 1970’s TV series Wonder Woman and isolated and repeated the moment of a “real” woman’s symbolic transformation into super-hero. Now, this work can be found by audiences easily on youtube. Which is called appropriation; She used the appropriating imagery from pop culture. In which people copy the work and recreate it for their own purpose. In her interview with EAI, she mentioned this issue; “I kind of stole the imagery from Wonder Woman as an example in a whole purposeful, I thought, political act of piracy at the time. My feeling was I have a right to speak back against the media. But Wonder Woman has been ripped off of me now, so if you go on Youtube there’s editions.”Through Hito Steyerl’s essay, many works of avant-garde, essayistic, and non-commercial cinema have been resurrected as poor images. Her work also has been resurrected in poor images. In producing many editions of the original. Even though Birnbaum mentioned the poor image as editions, how the original exists as opposed in a poor image. I cannot believe what I saw of a video of the original work on youtube. The poor images are compressed, remixed and edited from others. They need to redefine the value of the image or to create a new perspective for it not to be merely as editions or a poor copy of the original. In this digital era, we should always consider the original will be copied and circulated. Steyerl commented about this idea about which is real and authentic from the original.In this essay, she talked about the relationship among the poor image, capital and the right of authorship. The poor image changes the value of the image removed from the original, but reduced merely to the value and resolution of the image. For example, Moma bought the image of Wonder Woman from EAI. During that time the museum should buy the highest quality that exists today which was a stipulation. The museum only could consider the resolution of the work because multiple low and poor quality of images of the work exist online. Eventually, people can access the work on youtube without Institutions; They may need to find the original in a high resolution. In the 70s and 80s, they started collecting video and new media work and probably started the world’s largest collection. And a lot of artist now are trying to do limited editions. But, does it have value in this world? Simultaneously, they try to upload and show their work online.  As an artist, I deeply consider of the method to make money with works using limited editions and reproductions. In my opinion we need to have a redefined criteria which sets a standard within the economy of the poor image.