This paragraph responds to the article "In Defense of the Poor Image".

"Poor images are poor because they are not assigned any value within the class society of images" which is based on resolution not sharpness. 

This can be seen as a form as racism where only privileged consumers have access to higher resolution material. Images, film, music is distributed as copies of copies to folks that are not willing or situated to pay money for it. But is the access to high resolution material really a distinguishing factor? I clearly appreciate having access to high resolution material not only for its appealing appearance but general richness in detail. At the same time I own high resolution material such as itunes music that I bought and barely use. Instead I frequently consume the more raw, low resolution, material that I find for free on youtube where non professional recordings of concerts, rare footage, is more appealing to me than the polished original album. Similarly, I prefer low resolution twitter pictures, captured by amateurs, over high resolution stock images from getty images. The same applies to live streams from periscope over pay tv news. "perfect cinema is almost always reactionary cinema" says Julio García Espinosa referring to the professionally staged, directed, produced, edited, moving picture and I think this applies to music and images as well. There is an interesting inversion of value. The produced image finds its value in its richness of details and high technical quality but generally lags originality. It is reactionary in the sense that it does not deal with the current reality but tries to reproduce some outdated or imaginary version of it. This originality makes the poor image more valuable than the rich image to me. Hito Steyerl describes this as follows: "The poor image is no longer about the real thing—the originary original. Instead, it is about its own real conditions of existence: about swarm circulation, digital dispersion, fractured and flexible temporalities. It is about defiance and appropriation just as it is about conformism and exploitation. In short: it is about reality.". This reality is of higher value than its produced counter part to me.

While I see this concept of inverse value, the indirect relationship between resolution and value, applicable to motion picture, images and music I don't think this applies to scientific publishing. There I see a strong hierarchy of privilege to access information. High quality scientific publications are only accessible to organizations and institutions that can afford to pay their publishers. The free white papers are generally marketing material packaged in a scientific writing style. The Guerilla Open Access Manifesto by Aaron Schwartz summarizes: "The world's entire scientific and cultural heritage, published over centuries in books and journals, is increasingly being digitized and locked up by a handful of private corporations. Want to read the papers featuring the most famous results of the sciences? You'll need to send enormous amounts to publishers like Reed Elsevier."

Similarly to scientific publications, free news as provided by corporate news has low requirements for quality of its content. Corporate news is based on an advertising model and its success is not based on content quality but consumer attention, clicks. Generally, the best journalism is found under news papers that you have to pay for. This is the reason why I founded the non for profit organization politix.io. The political news that are available for free are vastly entertainment with little accuracy or completeness in their content. The mission of politix.io is to make the legislative process of the European Union accessible to everybody.

References:
1) Hito Steyerl, [In Defense of the Poor Image](http://www.e-flux.com/journal/10/61362/in-defense-of-the-poor-image/)
2) Aaron Swartz, [Guerilla Open Access Manifesto](https://archive.org/stream/GuerillaOpenAccessManifesto/Goamjuly2008_djvu.txt)
3) Julio García Espinosa, [For an Imperfect Cinema](https://www.ejumpcut.org/archive/onlinessays/JC20folder/ImperfectCinema.html)
