What do we need to proceed?

In Black Quantum Futurism, Rasheedah Phillips mentions something Frederick Douglass said in 1854 - 
"America is false to the past, false to the present, and solemnly binds herself to be false to the future."
Access to and awareness of the past is necessary to imagine a different future. If we don't know the past, 
we are doomed to make the same mistakes. Knowing the past is useful for understanding the present and for 
providing rubrics for future actions. I can think of many other ways the past is useful, I want to explore
the limits of the past for the present and future. What don't need we need the past for? What do we need for 
the future?

In her talk, Phillips mentioned the connection between religion and time. Religion (Christianity) was one of the ways colonizers and slave-owners used to exert control over African nations and slaves. In "A Certain Curve of Horn: The Hundred-Year Quest for the Giant Sable Antelope of Angola (2004)" Jomo Kenyatta says: "When the Missionaries arrived, the Africans had the Land and the Missionaries had the Bible. They taught us how to pray with our eyes closed. When we opened them, they had the land and we had the Bible" (also attributed to Archbishop Desmond Tutu). After colonization and slavery (or maybe the word after is not appropriate because as Phillips said, when did subgugation and slavery _end_?) As a result of colonization and slavery, indigenous religions became outlawed and demonized. Now, members of the African disapora are [returning to ancestral religions](https://broadly.vice.com/en_us/article/bjgxx4/jesus-hasnt-saved-us-young-black-women-returning-ancestral-religions), after acknowledging that "Jesus Hasn't Saved Us" and that a lot of the dominant religious practices (i.e christianity) have roots in colonization and slavery. However, there is also research documenting Christianity in Africa before colonialism. I certainly don't know what is true yet and I may never. We're looking to the past for answers or guidance but at least in this case, there isn't a consistent, definite one. Does the possibility that Christianity is as old and integral to Africa as our ancestral religions color the beliefs of someone practicing the religion of their ancestors now? 

Another thing I've been thinking of in terms of reliance on the past is how some members of the african diaspora have 
taken to calling each other 'kings' and 'queens' for various reasons, one of them being the belief that Africans are descendants of kings and queens (Egyptians). In his song Summertime, rapper Vince Staples says: "My teachers told me we were slaves, my mama told me we were kings, I don't know who to listen to, I guess we're somewhere in between." In "I can," rapper Nas says "We were kings and queens, never porch monkeys." At the end of Black Panther, Kilmonger says "Bury me in the ocean with my ancestors that jumped from the ships. Because they knew death was better than bondage." Kilmonger selectively chooses his ancestors to be the ones that jumped off the ship and not the ones that were enslaved for years. For him, descending from those who he believes to be steadfast and brave is important. He is basing the present (who he is) and the future on the past. For him to be the person he is, he has to be a descendant of the Africans that jumped, not the ones that stayed. The idea that africans are all descendants of kings and queens is a nice one to latch onto but even if it were true it would mean we are glazing over centuries of ancestors being slaves (and selling their fellow people as slaves). For Nas and Vince Staples, the past is important in defining who they are and can be in the present. Which I don't think should be the case. We shouldn't look to the past for permission. 

The last thing I want to mention is in the panel discussion after Phillips talk, the idea of new subjects came up. 
Daniel Rourke said something like it's important to imagine and create a weird future - "the weirder the better so 
they include subjectivities that we haven’t come into contact with.” By subjectivities, some examples he gave were
"different kinds of bodies, sexualities.." Many studies have been done to explore queerness, homosexuality, transgenderism
in ancient times. Often (and I have done this), arguments against homophobia in Africa use the past (studies that show the 
presence and acceptance of homosexuality before colonial times) as permission like there can be queerness in the future _if and only if_ there was queerness in the past. The past is used to determine if a present or future reality is valid.
